He was a year senior to me at my school. I knew of his existence but had never bothered to interact with him. Post high school, we moved from our hometown to different cities six hundred miles apart. After three years, he somehow managed to procure my landline number, and he called. Fortunately, it was during my semester breaks, and I was at home. That's how we reconnected. We started talking on the phone regularly. He graduated a year before me and got a job near the city I was living in. One of my fondest memories of our early days was when he had brought a cake with my initials on it onto the train on which my friends and I were travelling. It was certainly our DDLJ moment! But, as fate would have it, he switched jobs and move to a different part of the country. I got a job too and moved to a city eight hundred miles from him. Thus began our long-distance relationship. Within a year or so, he moved to another continent altogether with a nine-hour time difference and as Sir Davos Seaworth puts it, “Nothing fucks you harder than time!” His day would start when it was time for me to go to bed. He would call me before leaving for office right before I would go to sleep. I would instruct him on how to make breakfast on video-call while I would be cooking dinner for myself. He had very poor culinary skills, so he would call me for the most trivial matters. Somehow we persisted through all this for two years. Eventually, he returned and I too was transferred to his city. In some time, I got a job with the company he was working in. Finally, we were barely a few meters away from each other. Little did we know that our joy was short-lived. He had to travel to another country for months at length. After he returned we decided to put an end to these bouts of intermittent separation and tie a knot once and for all. Now people often ask me how we survived a long-distance relationship spanning for almost seven years without actually "dating". To them, I say that Distance is merely a test to fathom how far Love can travel.
